OK so we are going to add some styles to this.
This is really ugly.
So we are going to be working with styles.
Now there are a few libraries available in the re-act world that you can give to your components to
style the components.
So we will just stick to the classics ways to the classic way.
I'm going to show you two methods.
We have the Line method and the import method the inline method.
It's really pretty simple.
We can use an object to fit the styles the inline styles to our elements.
So I'm going to go right here inside the render and I just cannot create a variable.
It's going to be let us use Konst concert and it's going to be styles to something really simple then
it's going to be equal.
And this is going to be equal to an object but so we need to style the yet Hetter for now.
So I you need to make reference to the header is going to be better than calling and then inside here
I will just enter new objects and new values since I want to change the background color the same background
and the background is going to be the hash tag.
0 3 a 9 for something like that.
OK.
So if I wanted to add it more styles to this not just the header style going into coma and then enter
a new key and inside the logo.
I couldn't just get to do pretty much the same thing when I want to do I want to add a color to the
logo.
So it's going to be color and then inside here it's going to be white that coma.
And if I want to add new styles Let's see let's say I want to change the font family for the logo.
So in says what we do it's font dash and then family.
But this is not VSS.
This is javascript so we can use this way.
We need to do it in camel case just like this.
If I say phone family I want to use the Anton.
And if you're asked you're asking yourself what the facts are.
I've added just to Ivory's the phone finally Loraine's the Anton and the Rebozo.
Now you can go to the the Google fonts and get them but they are not really important.
No.
Can Get this.
So after this I want to make a trip to add a text line to make it aligned to the center.
So I'm going to say text a line and then just Center it.
Now I have the devival styles and right here it says styles.
It's a sign but never used again.
Reactor's just giving us a warning saying that you need to use all the variables that you declare.
So right here what I want to do inside the header I want to pass the styles the inline styles of Hetter.
So since this is an object we can access real easy to say style just like standard h g mail.
And since we need to pass an object I'm going to use the curly braces going to say styles which is the
main object right here.
And I want to access the header.
So I going to say Dot Hetter And if you load the page up we are not getting the color.
Let me see why.
When they just reload the page.
And this is why background.
All right so get we get the background.
Let's get.
So if I wanted to add right here a reference to the logo styles we just repeat the same process style
equal to styles down logo.
OK.
And we got the styles for the logo.
Let's get now you know this is good.
This works.
Maybe you can have a lot of styles and this could get really really messy.
So you know if you want to work with less or sace Yeah you're not going to be able to do this.
You just need to do something else.
You need to use an outside library.
So that's why.
So I'm going to just delete this for now.
Just going to delete it.
And notice though one more thing.
Notice that everything right here the styles are inside the render method.
If I put them outside
the page it's not it'll work because this is not accessible from here.
So we need to put them inside the render.
OK.
That's one thing I'm just going to delete it and just go back one second and is do does get now what
are we going to do.
We're going to use the regular method.
You can use the styles just to see an import.
So I'm going to say link and I'm going to be inside the index the main index h d m l and again just
a half equals and then just I don't know C Ss and then style Dunciad says this is going to be rel style
sheets.
I'm going to just copy because I'm lazy and then close it and go to the project right here inside the
pub..
Nick create a new folder.
It's going to be a success.
And right here you file and it's going to be style that CSSA right.
So we can use it this way.
It's right here in the index.
So it's going to load the styles and then it's going to pass the styles to the application just like
we always do.
So what I want to do I want to start with the body I'm going to use a Margene zero so we can get rid
of that panning OK I'm going to say farm family and the farm family for this is going to be Rebozo.
All right.
OK.
That's good.
That's working.
We're going to make reference to the header and I get to say background.
OK.
I know that this is nothing nothing new for you but don't worry I'm going somewhere.
It's going to be 0 3 a 9 f EF 4.
And just again the text line is going to be center now and this is going to be something you want to
make reference to the logo.
I went to style the logo.
So I going to go right here.
Say dot logo.
I'm going to make reference to a class.
OK.
I'm going to say that the color is going to be white.
The font size right here font size is going to be 40 pixels and the font family is going to be on time.
Let's go.
That's going to work.
Now the thing is five below the page nothing happens.
Of course we need to make a reference to this element.
So if I go to Hetter and I go right here and assign a class to it it calls and and it says logo I reload
the page and it's going to fail since say known dorm property class at it given it's giving you right
here a tip.
Did you mean class name.
Well the thing is that we cannot use class whenever this is actually nuch h h h t m l m l is GSX as
Javascript.
So we can it use class because class is served keyboard right here where we are using class.
So we cannot use it this way.
We need to do something else N-G in GSX instead of using class.
What are we going to do we use class name.
And I know this is.
And now it's working.
So I know this is kind of weird because you you you're used to write just class and pass the class but
not anymore with GSX you need to use class name.
But don't worry it's going to hurt at the beginning that you're going to get used to it don't worry.
So again inside GSX no more class now it's class name to use class name right.
That's it.
So this is up to you.
You can use the inline method or the import method.
All right.
OK let's go to the next section.